Job highlights
Identified by Google from the original job post
Qualifications
•
The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of Intermediate-Level Aptitude and proven experience developing software using Python, C++, and/or Java, as well Comprehension of AI, ML, and/or Reinforcement Learning principles and unique software
•
Must be a U.S. Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance
•
Security Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration
•
Experience Level: 4 yr and up College
Responsibilities
•
In this role, you will support corporate-wide Internal Research and Development (IRAD) for the Advance Development Program (ADP)
•
Potential tasking will include Tactical Artificial Intelligence and Autonomy initiatives to support the Warfighter, Digital Transformation efforts for Artificial Intelligence, and Algorithm Development and software engineering to support Advanced Sensing efforts in developing cognitive mission modules
Benefits
•
Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work
•
These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits
Job description
Description:By bringing together people that use their passion for purposeful innovation, at Lockheed Martin we keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work. With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel development and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. At Lockheed Martin, we place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering innovation, integrity, and exemplifying the epitome of corporate responsibility. Your Mission is Ours.

Lockheed Martin Aeronautics is seeking a full-time, Early Career A/AI Machine Learn Engineer for Mission Control Systems. In this role, you will support corporate-wide Internal Research and Development (IRAD) for the Advance Development Program (ADP). Potential tasking will include Tactical Artificial Intelligence and Autonomy initiatives to support the Warfighter, Digital Transformation efforts for Artificial Intelligence, and Algorithm Development and software engineering to support Advanced Sensing efforts in developing cognitive mission modules. The successful candidate will have experience and/or knowledge of Intermediate-Level Aptitude and proven experience developing software using Python, C++, and/or Java, as well Comprehension of AI, ML, and/or Reinforcement Learning principles and unique software.

Must be a U.S. Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.
Basic Qualifications:
• Bachelor's or Master's Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering Math, Physics, or another related discipline with specific training coursework in artificial intelligence and machine learning; preferred
• Must be a U.S. Citizen; this position will require a government security clearance. This position is located at a facility that requires special access.
Desired Skills:
• UAV/Robotics experience
• Computer vision experience
• Excellent written and verbal communication skills
• Ability to work in a collaborative environment
Security Clearance Statement: This position requires a government security clearance, you must be a US Citizen for consideration.
Clearance Level: Secret
Other Important Information You Should Know
Expression of Interest: By applying to this job, you are expressing interest in this position and could be considered for other career opportunities where similar skills and requirements have been identified as a match. Should this match be identified you may be contacted for this and future openings.
Ability to Work Remotely: Part-time Remote Telework: The employee selected for this position will work part of their work schedule remotely and part of their work schedule at a designated Lockheed Martin facility. The specific weekly schedule will be discussed during the hiring process.
Work Schedules: Lockheed Martin supports a variety of alternate work schedules that provide additional flexibility to our employees. Schedules range from standard 40 hours over a five day work week while others may be condensed. These condensed schedules provide employees with additional time away from the office and are in addition to our Paid Time off benefits.
Schedule for this Position: 4x10 hour day, 3 days off per week
Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status.
The application window will close in 90 days; applicants are encouraged to apply within 5 - 30 days of the requisition posting date in order to receive optimal consideration.
At Lockheed Martin, we use our passion for purposeful innovation to help keep people safe and solve the world's most complex challenges. Our people are some of the greatest minds in the industry and truly make Lockheed Martin a great place to work.

With our employees as our priority, we provide diverse career opportunities designed to propel, develop, and boost agility. Our flexible schedules, competitive pay, and comprehensive benefits enable our employees to live a healthy, fulfilling life at and outside of work. We place an emphasis on empowering our employees by fostering an inclusive environment built upon integrity and corporate responsibility.

If this sounds like a culture you connect with, you’re invited to apply for this role. Or, if you are unsure whether your experience aligns with the requirements of this position, we encourage you to search on Lockheed Martin Jobs, and apply for roles that align with your qualifications.
Experience Level: 4 yr and up College
Business Unit: AERONAUTICS COMPANY
Relocation Available: Yes
Career Area: Artificial Intelligence
Type: Full-Time
Shift: First
